you
hey everybody its tea and you're on the
road with excellency ads and rapscallion
films on a road trip to Rhode Island get
it rhode island oh and we're going to
the Rhode Island international film
festival ah get what the hell man I
don't I don't know dude I don't know I
don't know I I don't know what do you
mean you don't know I mean I don't know
when you get a lock road we had a rock a
rock yeah jumped out of nowhere what do
you mean he came out of nowhere in a
long empty road
we're okay give us a little bump it's
cool little bump it's just a little ball
bella go eat a damn train pull over the
car might be freaking left up man idiot
my door is stuck right man seriously oh
my god you just butt and that's a lot of
blood but you're gonna go back but what
we got to go back are you kidding am I
kidding are you kidding that could be a
person man I mean that's that isn't it's
a rock we can't go back there we cops
week dude we got to go back I here are
you like boom we can't go back call your
mom no all right all right we'll go back
we'll go back we'll go back darling
we'll go back come on let's go go back
come on resume work no mess
Jesus what don't worry you don't don't
worry yeah don't worry you didn't naked
man with my metro yeah but nobody saw
nobody so we saw I saw he might if you
know what about that okay we're gonna
see that we clean that up we put the
body in the car and we take care of it
on the way it's okay nobody saw okay so
you're suggesting that we drive with a
dead body in your car from California to
Rhode Island all the waste all the way
yeah you're insane I'm calling your mom
no wait hear me out hear me out man okay
so we go to LA we chop up the body put
him in a cooler so he doesn't stink then
we you know we discard him in chunks put
him in Nevada and dig up a cornfield in
Kansas drop a piece in the Hudson by the
time we get to the Atlantic just have a
little bit of them to put in a cooler
fill it up with concrete and drop it off
in the Atlantic how are we gonna chop up
a dead body in LA oh I know a guy oh you
know good yeah I know guy yeah I know
this guy in Koreatown they cut up
anything then it cut up a horse hey it's
not a horse it's a person doesn't help
things you know i'm i'm just saying man
you're just saying people like horses
all right how many help me Ron wanna
help me grab the body I'm not grabbing
that thing help me grab the body part of
my ribbon on that I'm not tense nuts
girl
pick up the body
it's tea and you're on the road with X
L&T ads and rapscallion films and we're
on a road trip to Rhode Island get it
road trip rhode island ah we're going to
the Rhode Island international film
festival
dude
road road trip
Island
hello oh it what's the road man yeah
watch the road some asshole just hit me
with these to go to the hospital no I'm
fine I'm a robot from the future I don't
feel pain I was designed to destroy the
human resistance the scorched remains
now ruled by here with their grid
developed the time machine can feel the
resistance leader before he could fight
us I use that time machine to return the
year too
Wow sure glad we picked him up what
women say here to kill us I'm just here
to enjoy myself a couple mai tais a
massage I hear Providence is nice in
August looking gay robot
what's happening
you